# ORYZA
The ORYZA version 3 is an enhanced version of ORYZA2000 2.13. The enhancements include improving water and nitrogen uptake, quantification of drought stress, and addition of the root growth, soil carbon and nitrogen dynamics.
The user interface for Windows can carry out functions for input file editing and simulation management. The Analyzer folder included in the installation process provides functions for graphical and standard statistical analysis of simulation outputs. We recommend the user to copy the Analyzer folder to a working directory, where the user can freely edit the Excel spreadsheets without the risk of accidentally modifying the built-in functions in the Analyzer spreadsheets. The installation folder is in: C:\Program Files\ORYZAY(v3)\ by default, unless the user specified a different location during installation. Normally, we recommend user to install the program in a drive with full writing and reading access.

The Input File Templates folder, which contains the standard input templates, are also included in the installation process. Users can change the values of the variables in each input template using notepad or through the edit functions of the user interface for Windows. The edited files can be saved as another file in another location. Note that the control and experimental files contain the input file location.  These 2 input files should be modified to indicate the location of the input files to be used in the simulation, otherwise, the model will not run. 

For more information, please contact the developer, Dr. Tao Li, or visit the ORYZA webpage: https://sites.google.com/a/irri.org/oryza/home (or old site, https://sites.google.com/a/irri.org/oryza2000/home).
